CO2201 Software Engineering Project 2022



Definition of Done
Main definition: Satisfy the User Stories
This entails
• Helpful comments and changes configurations are well documented
• Have peer code assessments
• No errors with building each iteration of the programs
• This program should compile 100% of the time
• Program should handle all of user inputs correctly.
• This program must be easy to understand and make use of
• This program must have a clear and simple user interface




User Stories
1. As a medical student,
   I want to analyse my steps when providing treatment
   so that I can provide the correct diagnosis.



2. As a medical student,
   I want to use a digital tool to practice my clinical reasoning
   so that I can better my conversation skills with my patients


3. As a medical student,
   I want to visualise potential scenarios that I can encounter
   so that I can focus on my response and not waste too much time on how to present them.


4. As a medical teacher,
   I want to test my students medical knowledge using technology that simulates patient scenarios
   so that I can mark students' responses to questions in varying context in a simple and effective manner.


5. As a medical student,
   I want to study a patient symptoms
   so that I can identify what problem they have and give the correct diagnosis



User Stories for Sprint 1: (Asked to be included by James Hoey)
1. As an app user (student/medical doctor), I want to create an account for the system so that when I login I will be granted access to the system.
2. As an app user (medical doctor/student), I want to be able to login with my personal username and password so that I can access any information that I have on my account
3. As an app user (medical doctor or student), I want to access a dashboard after I login with the correct details so that I can see essential information and navigate to other features in the app

User Stories for Sprint 2:
1. As an app-user, I want to have validation over my inputs. So that my inputs are processed and stored in correct format.
2. As a teacher, I want to add patient data so that the patient's details can be used to create scenarios for students.
3. As an app user (medical student/teacher), I want to be able to search for a patient and view their medical information so that I can use that information to help me make accurate diagnosis during a scenario.
4. As a student, I want to be able view scenarios so that I can understand a patient's problem and provide my medical diagnosis.


Questions for the Client (Sprint 0):

1. How complex would you like the scenarios to be. (Elaborative text or simple questions and answers)

2. How should the users respond to the scenarios.? (Very Likely-Very Unlikely scale/Multiple choice/Text input)

3. What are the conditions for failure? (Would the simulator end at a mistake or are errors only brought up at the end of a diagnosis)

4. Does the program mark the test or do you? (Based on Requirement 2)

5. Do we show the users their scores? (Would inform them of their performance at each stage)

6. What is the necessary information which should be in the summary? (Marks/Breakdown of each question/Other important info)



Group Rules
1. Always attend client meetings.
2. 3 Quality GIT pushes a week. (Subject to change)
3. At least 3 hours of work dedicated to the project a week.
4. If there are any issues, please inform the group discord ahead of time.
5. Make use of the GitLab board at the start of every sprint.
6. Help others once you're done your task.
7. Be active during the sprints with the group members
