CO2201 Software Engineering Project 2022



Definition of Done
Main definition: Satisfy the User Stories 
This entails 
• Helpful comments and changes configurations are well documented 
• Have peer code assessments 
• No errors with building each iteration of the programs
• This program should work 100% of the time while the user is using it appropriately 
• This program must be easy to understand and make use of 
• This program must have a clear and simple user interface




User Stories
1. As a medical student, 
a. I want to analyse my steps when providing treatment 
i. so that I can provide the correct diagnosis.



2. As a medical student, 
a. I want to use a digital tool to practice my clinical reasoning 
i. so that I can better my conversation skills with my patients


3. As a medical student,
a. I want to visualise potential scenarios that I can encounter 
i. so that I can focus on my response and not waste too much time on 
how to present them.


4. As a medical teacher,
a. I want to test my students medical knowledge using technology that simulates patient scenarios 
i. so that I can mark students' responses to questions in varying context in a simple and effective manner.


5. As a medical student,
a. I want to study a patient symptoms 
i. so that I can identify what problem they have and give the correct diagnosis




Questions for the Client
1. How complex would do you need the scenarios to be.
2. What way do we want users to respond to the scenarios.? (1-10 | a, b, c) 
3. What conditions for failure? 
4. Does the program mark the test or do you? Requirement 2?
5. Do we show the users their scores? 
6. What do you want to see in the summary?



Group Rules
1. Always attend client meetings.
2. 3 Quality GIT pushes a week. (Subject to change)
3. At least 3 hours of work dedicated to the project a week.
4. If there are any issues, please inform the group discord ahead of time. 
5. Make use of the GitLab board at the start of every sprint.
6. Help others once you're done your task.
7. Be active during the sprints with the group members